## UI
### homepage (/5): 2
Over use of gradiants, font choice is not the greatest & could be cleaner, a thinner font weight would also help. The nav bar doesn't feel like it is a part of the UI but a seprate thing that was tacked on over the top, I would also stray away from buttons for navigation if I were you.
### overall (/10): 3
The expanding text on all the pages creates some really bad layout shifts that don't look good at all, the animation wasn't thought through when in design. Gradiants are over used, especially animated gradiants around cards in the apps page. Inconsistant font weight across settings inputs (buttons & text boxes). Button style is inconsistant across every page.
## UX
### digestability (/5): 3
Due to the UI's simplicity it is easy for a user to navigate, the layout shifts because of the expanding text animation & button location inconsistancy definitely degrade the experience.
### usability (/15:) 6
The site definitely works although that animation makes things super annoying for the end user when trying to ajust settings/theme.
### overall (/10): 4
Sevaral things that degrade the user experience from inconsistant navigation to distracting animations & gradiants
## power user
There aren't any major features that cater to a power user, the only being eruda.
### overall (/10): 1
## creativity
Mostly a copy paste of any other proxy website, nothing special here.
### overall (/10): 1
## out-of-card judgements
None of the features this proxy implement are unique, almost every proxy nowadays implements the same basic features with more added on top. I don't see anything that makes this stand out from the competition.
### overall (/25) 5

## final thoughts
Stated in out-of-card judgements

## total pt count: 25